# NPMS (Neusoft Profit Management System)
  Neusoft Group’s existing profit management system has continued to develop and expand with the company’s scale, and the number of users has increased, and system risks have also increased, affecting core management businesses such as financial accounting. The existing system architecture and customized functions can no longer meet the management needs of the company's sustainable development. Therefore, a more complete profit management system needs to be re-developed. The modules currently under development include customer management module and opportunity management module. Project and related business management functions need further development.

  The customer management module includes customer management and handover. The opportunity management module includes opportunity maintenance, approval and tracking. Opportunities refer to business opportunities brought by customers. For example, Huawei will launch a new product research and development plan recently. This is an opportunity for Huawei, a customer. As mentioned above, one customer can correspond to multiple opportunities.

  The customer management module has 18 APIs, including the addition, deletion, modification, and checking of customers, customer transfer, customer freezing, and many secondary linkages and other page functions. The opportunity management module has 19 APIs, including opportunity addition, deletion, modification, inspection, opportunity tracking, opportunity approval, and so on.

  Using springcloud and treat the above two modules, customer management, opportunity management as two independent services, in other words, consumers. The gateway is used for access, and the authorization authentication uses oath2 and spring-security. The entire service includes three eureka servers, one gateway, one oath2-auth and two consumers. I Redis was aslo used as the cache database.
